chore: add pull request checklist (#485)
energywebfoundation/iam-client-lib: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Description

<!-- PUT YOUR TASK DESCRIPTION HERE -->

### Contributor checklist

- [ ] Breaking changes - check for any existing interfaces changes that are not backward compatible, removed method etc.
- [ ] Documentation - document your code, add comments for method, remember to check if auto generated docs were updated.
- [ ] Tests - add new or updated existed test for changes you made.
- [ ] Migration guide - add migration guide for every breaking change.

> - [ ] Smart contract addresses - check every smart contract addresses that you updated on [Volta explorer](https://volta-explorer.energyweb.org/) or [EWC explorer](https://explorer.energyweb.org/).

Reviewer: Is this meant to be about verification? 
```suggestion
- [ ] Smart contract verification - check that any new smart contracts have been verified on [Volta explorer](https://volta-explorer.energyweb.org/) or [EWC explorer](https://explorer.energyweb.org/).
```
